Update of user manual (#521)
SELab-2/OSOC-3: files/user_manual.md

1. Click the "Log in" button with the GitHub logo.

## Logging out

> To log out, click on the **Log Out** button on the top right of the page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To log out, click on the **Log Out** button in the top-right corner of the page.
```

### Editing a project (Admin-only)

To edit a project, click on the pencil icon next to the project's name, now you can change all the attributes of the project.

### Suggesting a student for a project

To suggest a student for a project, drag the student from the list on the lefthand side to the skill you want to suggest the student for. A popup will appear asking for a motivation for the suggestion.

### Confirming a student for a project (Admin-only)

When it has been definitively decided that the student will work on this project, an admin can confirm the student for this project. This will not be possible if the student is currently also assigned to another project (=conflict).

When a student is confirmed, they cannot be added to another project anymore. 

### Removing a student from a project (Admin-only)

To remove a student from a project, click on the red trash icon on the top right of the student's card on the "Project page".

### Adding a skill to a project (Admin-only)

A skill contains a number of slots where students can be placed in to fulfill that skill for that project.

> To add a new skill requirement to a project, click on the **Add new skill** button on the botton of the "Project page".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add a new skill requirement to a project, click on the **Add new skill** button on the bottom of the "Project page".
```

The state history will be shown in a table, with the most recent state at the top.

## Overview of states (Admin-only)

To see the overview of states, click on "Students" in the navbar on top of the page, and then click on "State Overview"

The overview of the states is a table of all students of an edition, together with the most recent state that has been assigned to them.

This table needs to be manually maintained (i.e. when a new decision has been made about a student, someone has to update this list).

### Searching and Filtering

The overview table allows you to search for a particular student or filter based on one or more states.

To search for a student: type (the beginning of) a student's name in the search bar.

To filter based on email states: select one or more states from the list.

These two things (searching and filtering) can also be combined.

### Updating the state overview

When a new state is assigned to one or more students, the list needs to be updated. 

This can be done by selecting these students in the table, clicking on the "Set state of selected students", and choosing the new state from the dropdown.

## Students

### Viewing a student

> To view the details of a student, click on the student's name in the list on the lefthand side.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To view the details of a student, click on the student's name in the list on the left-hand side.
```

### Making a suggestion for a student

Every coach can make a suggestion for a student, where they express whether they find the student interesting to use in their project or not.

> To do this, scroll down on the student's detail page and click on the appropriate suggestion you want to make for that student. A popup will appear where you can enter an argumentation for this decision.

Reviewer: This was moved to the top-right corner of the page, you no longer have to scroll down for it.

### Making a definitive decision for a student (Admin-only)

An admin can make a definitive decision for a student, by taking into account the multiple suggestions from the coaches. This is where an admin decides if a student is accepted into the programme or not.

> To make a definitive decision, scroll down on the student's detail page and click on the **Confirm** button. A popup will appear where you can select the decision you want to make.

Reviewer: This was moved to the top-right corner of the page, you no longer have to scroll down for it.

### Removing a student (Admin-only)

To remove a student, click on the red trash icon on the bottom of the student's page.

### Searching and filtering in the student's list

> The student's list on the lefthand side can be searched through (by typing the name of the student in the search bar) and can also be filtered by multiple attributes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The student's list on the left-hand side can be searched through (by typing the name of the student in the search bar) and can also be filtered by multiple attributes:
```
